text proposed by Henk to fix #179 (#255)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

## Critical Infrastructure Control

In this use case, potentially harmful physical equipment
(e.g., power grid, traffic control, hazardous chemical processing, etc.)
is connected to a network.  The organization managing such infrastructure
needs to ensure that only authorized code and users can control such
processes, and that these processes are protected from unauthorized manipulation or other threats.
When a protocol operation can affect a component of a critical

> system, the device attached to the critical equipment requires some assurances depending on the security context, including that: the requester and the triggering sensor have not been compromised, and the requesters and actors act on applicable policies,

Reviewer: I think the notion of a "triggering sensor" is not important to this section.  It can be triggered by a human or malware or a policy change or time of day, or whatever else.   Suggest saying less, like the old text did.

> system, the device attached to the critical equipment requires some assurances depending on the security context, including that: the requester and the triggering sensor have not been compromised, and the requesters and actors act on applicable policies,

Author: ```suggestion
system, the device attached to the critical equipment requires some assurances depending on the security context, including that: the requesting device or application have not been compromised, and the requesters and actors act on applicable policies,
```
